2025年 4月 27日現在
## Preprints
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Harangozó M, Pedraza L, Földi T, Kozák G, Berényi A, Closed-loop stimulation of the medial septum terminates epileptic seizures. **_bioRxiv_** 2020.03.09.982827. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.03.09.982827
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>\*, Nagy A, Barcsai L, Li Q, Ohsawa M, Mizuseki K, Berényi A\*, The medial septum as a potential target for treating brain disorders associated with oscillopathies. **_Preprints_** 2021, 2021050317. DOI: https://doi.org/10.20944/preprints202105.0317.v1
1. Li Q†, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>†, Wang J, Barcsai L, Pedraza L, Kozák G, Nakai S, Kato S, Kobayashi K, Ohsawa M, Lőrincz ML, Devinsky O, Buzsáki G, Berényi A, Reinstating olfactory bulb derived limbic gamma oscillations alleviates depression. **_bioRxiv_** 2022.02.01.478683. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1101/2022.02.01.478683
1. Sierra RO†, Pedraza LK†, Barcsai L, Peijin A, Kozák G, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Lőrincz ML, Devinsky O, Buzsáki G, Berényi A, Closed-loop brain stimulation to reduce pathologic fear. **_bioRxiv_** 2022.07.24.501314. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1101/2022.07.24.501314
1. Matsushita Y, Yoshida K, Yoshiya M, Shimizu T, Tsukamoto S, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>\*, Higuchi M, Shimojo M\*, TRPC6 is a mechanosensitive channel essential for ultrasound neuromodulation in mammalian brain. **_bioRxiv_** 2024.03.06.583779. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1101/2024.03.06.583779

## 国際学会発表
1.	Tanabe M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Takasu K, Ono H, Pregabalin supraspinally activates the descending noradrenergic pain inhibitory system after peripheral nerve injury. The 2nd International Congress on Neuropathic Pain. Berlin, Germany. Jun 7, 2007. (Abstract No. 166) Poster
1.	Nagumo Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Kawakami Y, Imoto K, Miyata M, Role of nicotinic acetylcholine receptors on synaptic transmission in the ventrobasal thalamic complex. The 36th Congress of the International Union of Physiological Sciences. Kyoto, Japan. Jul 27, 2009. (Abstract No. P1AM-9-1) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Nagumo Y, Katayama Y, Imoto K, Kawakami Y, Miyata M, Transection of the infraorbital nerve induces rewiring of afferent fibers in the somatosensory thalamus of mice. The 40th SfN Annual Meeting. San Diego, CA, U.S.A. Nov 15, 2010. (Abstract No. 377.9) Poster
1.	Nagumo Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Imoto K, Miyata M, Synapse- and subtype-specific modulation of synaptic transmission by nicotinic acetylcholine receptors in the ventrobasal thalamus of juvenile mice. The 40th SfN Annual Meeting. San Diego, CA, U.S.A. Nov 15, 2010. (Abstract No. 442.7) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Nagumo Y, Miyata M, Peripheral sensory nerve transection-induced remodeling of afferent synapses in the somatosensory thalamus of mice. The 8th IBRO World Congress of Neuroscience. Florence, Italy. Jul 17, 2011. (Abstract No. D063) Poster
1.	Miyata M and <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Large-scale somatotopic refinement by synapse elimination in the whisker sensory thalamus of developing mice. The 9th FENS Forum of Neuroscience. Milan, Italy. Jul 5, 2014. (Abstract No. FENS-1305) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Katayama Y, and Miyata M, Functional synapse elimination plays a role in large-scale somatotopic refinement in the sensory thalamus of developing mice. The 44th SfN Annual Meeting. Washington DC, U.S.A. Nov 17, 2014. (Abstract No. 398.04) Poster
1.	Vöröslakos M, Brinyiczki K, Zombori T, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Oliva A, Fernández-Ruiz A, Iványi B, Buzsáki G, Berényi A, Spatially focused, non-invasive, fast pulse electrical stimulation of the brain. The 46th SfN Annual Meeting. San Diego, U.S.A. Nov 15, 2016. (Abstract No. 591.16) Poster
1.	Nagy A, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Berényi A, Processing of passive and motion-induced visual percepts in the rat dorsomedial striatum. The 47th SfN Annual Meeting. Washington DC, U.S.A. Nov 13, 2017. (Abstract No. 313.14) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Electrophysiological Evaluations of Reorganized Nervous Systems. The PCS 3rd Global Cell Science and Stem Cell Conference. Budapest, Hungary. Jul 14, 2018. (Abstract No. 2 in Stem Cell and Stem Cell Therapy) Oral, Invited
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Harangozó M, Pedraza L, Földi T, Kozák G, Berényi A, Closed-loop stimulation of the medial septum alleviates temporal lobe epilepsy in rats. The 49th NIPS International Symposium. Okazaki, Japan. Dec 7, 2018. (Abstract No. P24) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Harangozó M, Pedraza L, Földi T, Kozák G, Berényi A, Automated, closed-loop stimulation of the medial septum alleviates temporal lobe epilepsy in rats. The 9th FAOPS Congress. Kobe, Japan. Mar 28, 2019. (Abstract No. 1P-281) Poster
1.	Nagy A, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Berényi A, Coding of self-motion-induced and self-independent visual motion in the rat dorsomedial striatum. IBRO Workshop 2020. Szeged, Hungary. Jan 29, 2020. (No. 84) Poster
1.	Pedraza L, Sierra R, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Kozák G, Peijin A, Barcsai L, Berényi A,  Closed-loop manipulation of hippocampal ripples reduce persistent fear expression in animal model of posttraumatic-stress disorder. IBRO Workshop 2020. Szeged, Hungary. Jan 29, 2020. (No. 86) Poster
1.	Li Q, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Kozák G, Ohsawa M, Harangozó M, Berényi A, The functional role of altered olfactory network synchrony in the development of depression. IBRO Workshop 2020. Szeged, Hungary. Jan 29, 2020. (No. 87) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Harangozó M, Pedraza L, Földi T, Kozák G, Berényi A, A closed-loop proxy-intervention of epileptic seizures. IBRO Workshop 2020. Szeged, Hungary. Jan 29, 2020. (No. 89) Poster
1.	Narushima M, Yagasaki Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Aiba A, Miyata M, The metabotropic glutamate receptor subtype 1 regulates development and maintenance of lemniscal synaptic connectivity through cortical activity in the somatosensory thalamus. FENS Meeting 2020. Glasgow, U. K. Jul 11, 2020.
1. Pedraza L, Sierra R, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Kozák G, Peijin A, Berényi A, Controlling fear expression through closed-loop intervention: Sharp-waves ripples triggering medial forebrain bundle stimulation enhance extinction and induce long-lasting fear attenuation. FENS Meeting 2020. Glasgow, U. K. Jul 11, 2020.
1. Li Q, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Wang J, Barcsai L, Pedraza KL, Kozák G, Nakai S, Kato S, Kobayashi K, Ohsawa M, Lőrincz ML, Berényi A, Reinstating olfactory bulb derived limbic gamma oscillations alleviates depression. IBRO Workshop 2022. Budapest, Hungary. Jan 27, 2022. (P3.21) Poster
1. Barcsai L, Sierra R, Pedraza L, Lakos B, Pejin A, Kozák G, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Földi T, Lőrincz M, Berényi A, Controlling pathological fear expression through closed-loop brain stimulation. IBRO Workshop 2022. Budapest, Hungary. Jan 27, 2022. (P5.28) Poster
1. Sierra RO, Pedraza LK, Barcsai L, Peijin A, Kozák G, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Lőrincz M, Berényi A, Controlling pathologic fear expression through closed-loop brain stimulation. The 52nd SfN Annual Meeting. San Diego, U.S.A. Nov 13, 2022. (Abstract No. 143.15) Poster
1. Li Q, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Wang J, Barcsai L, Pedraza KL, Kozák G, Nakai S, Kato S, Kobayashi K, Ohsawa M, Lőrincz ML, Devinsky O, Buzsáki G, Berényi A, Reinstating olfactory bulb derived limbic gamma oscillations alleviates depression-like behavioral deficits in rodents. The 52nd SfN Annual Meeting. San Diego, U.S.A. Nov 13, 2022. (Abstract No. 228.14) Poster

## 国内学会発表
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Tanabe M, Honda M, Ono H, Gabapentin supraspinally accelerates spinal noradrenalin turnover in a murine neuropathic pain model. The 79th Annual Meeting of The Japanese Pharmacological Society. Yokohama, Japan. Mar 10, 2006. (Abstract No. P3K-64) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Ono H, Tanabe M, Pregabalin supraspinally activates the descending noradrenergic pain inhibitory system after peripheral nerve injury. The 80th Annual Meeting of The Japanese Pharmacological Society. Nagoya, Japan. Mar 14, 2007. (Abstract No. P1-039) Poster
1.	Nagumo Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Imoto K, Kawakami Y, Miyata M, Role of acetylcholine on sensory synaptic transmission in the mouse ventrobasal thalamus. The 81th Annual Meeting of The Japanese Pharmacological Society. Yokohama, Japan. Mar 18, 2008. (Abstract No. P2I-72) Poster
1.	Miyata M, Nagumo Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Imoto K, Kawakami Y, Acetylcholine distinctly regulates on synaptic transmission in the ventrobasal thalamus. The 85th Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Tokyo, Japan. Mar 26, 2008. (Abstract No. 2P-F-047) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Imoto K, Miyata M, Development of lemniscus synapses on the mice ventrobasal thalamus. The 31st Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Tokyo, Japan. Jul 11, 2008. (Abstract No. P3-e20) Poster
1.	Nagumo Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Kawakami Y, Imoto K, Miyata M, Neuromodulatory effect of acetylcholine on synaptic transmissions in the ventrobasal thalamic nucleus. The 31st Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Tokyo, Japan. Jul 11, 2008. (Abstract No. P3-c15) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Imoto K, Miyata M, Transection of infraorbital nerve induces multiple innervations of lemniscal fibers onto the relay neuron in the adult mice somatosensory thalamus. The 32nd Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Nagoya, Japan. Sep 17, 2009. (Abstract No. P2-b30) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Nagumo Y, Katayama Y, Imoto K, Kawakami Y, Miyata M, Peripheral nerve transection-induced remodeling of afferent synapses in the somatosensory thalamus of mice. The 33rd Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kobe, Japan. Sep 4, 2010. (Abstract No. P3-b05) Poster
1.	Miyata M and <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Synaptic rewiring and compositional changes in glutamate receptors at thalamic lemniscal synapses in the developmental process. The 88th Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Yokohama, Japan. Mar 28, 2011. (Abstract No. P1-C-2-3) Symposium
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Narushima M, Miyata M, The developmental switch in AMPA receptor subunit composition at lemniscal synapses in the somatosensory thalamus of mice. The 88th Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Yokohama, Japan. Mar 28, 2011. (Abstract No. P1-352) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Narushima M, Miyata M, Postnatal development of the lemniscal fiber-relay neuron system in the somatosensory thalamus of mice. The 34th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Yokohama, Japan. Sep 16, 2011. (Abstract No. P3-k15) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Uchida M, Miyata M, Structural changes of lemniscal axon terminals after the peripheral sensory nerve transection of mice. The 35th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Nagoya, Japan. Sep 20, 2012. (Abstract No. P3-c08) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins> and Miyata M, Information tuning via synapse elimination in the whisker sensory thalamus of developing mice. The 90th Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Tokyo, Japan. Mar 28, 2013. (Abstract No. 2PK-047) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins> and Miyata M, Somatotopic tuning along with synapse elimination in the whisker sensory thalamus of developing mice. The 36th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kyoto, Japan. June 22, 2013. (Abstract No. P3-1-143) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Katayama Y, Miyata M, Transection of the whisker sensory nerve reorganizes topographical wiring of afferent fibers in the whisker sensory thalamus of mice. The 91st Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Kagoshima, Japan. Mar 16, 2014. (Abstract No. 1P-104) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins> and Miyata M, Large-scale somatotopic reorganization via remodeling of thalamic afferent synapses after peripheral sensory nerve injury. The 37th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Yokohama, Japan. Sep 11, 2014. (Abstract No. S1-C-2-3) Symposium
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Katayama Y, Miyata M, A neural circuit mechanism of large-scale somatotopic reorganization in the thalamus after transection of the whisker sensory nerve of mice. The 37th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Yokohama, Japan. Sep 13, 2014. (Abstract No. P2-173) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Nagumo Y, Osaki H, Miyata M, Peripheral nerve injury changes neuronal firing patterns in the somatosensory thalamus of unanesthetized mice. The 92nd Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Kobe, Japan. Mar 23, 2015. (Abstract No. P3-182) Poster
1.	Nagumo Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Osaki H, Miyata M, Enhanced tonic GABA currents after peripheral nerve injury contribute to inhibition of neuronal activity and subsequent remodeling of medial lemniscal fibers in the somatosensory thalamus. The 92nd Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Kobe, Japan. Mar 23, 2015. (Abstract No. P3-205) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Nagumo Y, Osaki H, Katayama Y, Miyata M, Large-scale somatotopic reorganization associated with afferent fiber rewiring in the whisker sensory thalamus. The 38th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kobe, Japan. Jul 30, 2015. (Abstract No. 3P217) Poster
1.	Nagumo Y, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Miyata M, Remodeling of somatosensory thalamic neural circuit and allodynia‒like mechanical hypersensitivity after the peripheral nerve. The 38th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kobe, Japan. Jul 30, 2015. (Abstract No. 3P224) Poster
1.	Miyata M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Katayama Y, Large‒scale somatotopic refinement via experience‒dependent synapse elimination in the whisker sensory thalamus. The 38th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kobe, Japan. Jul 29, 2015. (Abstract No. 2S09p-1) Symposium
1.	Miyata M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Osaki H, Large-scale somatotopic reorganization with afferent fiber remodeling in the mice whisker sensory thalamus after peripheral sensory nerve injury. The 93rd Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Sapporo, Japan. Mar 23, 2016. (Abstract No. 2P-078) Poster
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Harangozó M, Pedraza L, Földi T, Kozák G, Berényi A, Real-time control of epileptic seizures via on-demand deep brain stimulation. The 28th Meeting of Young Researchers’ Society of Neurobehavioral Pharmacology. Hyogo, Japan. Mar 13, 2019. (Abstract No. 3) Symposium
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Harangozó M, Pedraza L, Földi T, Kozák G, Berényi A, A closed-loop proxy-intervention of epileptic seizures. Jisedai-Nou Symposium. Tokyo, Japan. Dec 19, 2019. (Byotai No. 7) Poster
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Time- and space-targeted intervention of brain activities for control of epilepsy. The 29th Meeting of Young Researchers’ Society of Neurobehavioral Pharmacology. Yokohama, Japan. 15 Mar 2020. Oral
1.	<ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Harangozó M, Pedraza L, Földi T, Kozák G, Berényi A, Closed-loop stimulation of the medial septum terminates epilepsy seizures in rats. The 93rd Annual Meeting of the Japan Pharmacological Society. Yokohama, Japan. Mar 18, 2020. (Abstract No. 3-O-103) Oral
1. Pedraza L, Sierra R, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Kozák G, Peijin A, Berényi A, Controlling fear expression through closed-loop intervention: Sharp-waves ripples triggering medial forebrain bundle stimulation enhance extinction and induce long-lasting fear attenuation . The 43rd Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kobe, Japan. Jul 29, 2020.  (Abstract No. 1P-165) Poster
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, On-demand interventions of epileptic seizures and beyond. The 43rd Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kobe, Japan. Jul 29, 2020.  (Abstract No. 1S06a-03) Symposium
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Closed-loop stimulation of the medial septum terminates epileptic seizures. The 94th Annual Meeting of the Japan Pharmacological Society. Sapporo, Japan. Mar 10, 2021. (Abstract No. 3-O-B2-4) Oral
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Closed-loop brain stimulation for epileptic seizures and beyond. The 98th Annual Meeting of the Physiological Society of Japan. Nagoya, Japan. Mar 29, 2021. (Abstract No. OP15-2) Oral
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Closed-loop stimulation of the medial septum terminates epileptic seizures. The 44th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Kobe, Japan. Jul 28, 2021. (Abstract No. 1S04m-3) Symposium
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Closed-loop brain stimulation for controlling epileptic seizures. The 51st Annual Meeting of the Japanese Society of Clinical Neurophysiology. Sendai, Japan. Dec 16, 2021. (Abstract No. SP9-2) Symposium
1. Yoshida K, Chan M, Li Q, Pedraza L, Sierra R, Berényi A, Minami M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, A neural basis of decision-making under conflicting predictions of reward and punishment. The 45th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Okinawa, Japan. Jun 30, 2022. (Abstract No. 1P-069) Poster
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Li Q, Berényi A, Minami M, Decoding and quantification of seizure susceptibility with cross-regional oscillatory brain activity patterns in a rat model of temporal lobe epilepsy. The 45th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Okinawa, Japan. Jun 30, 2022. (Abstract No. 1P-109) Poster
1. Chan M, Li Q, Horváth G, Berényi A, Minami M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Reduced operant task engagement and altered neural oscillations in a triple-hit rat model of schizophrenia. The 45th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Okinawa, Japan. Jun 30, 2022. (Abstract No. 1P-263) Poster
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, A neural basis of decision-making under conflicting predictions of reward and punishment. The 73rd meeting of the north branch of The Japanese Pharmacological Society. Sapporo, Japan. Sep 18th, 2022.
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Chan M, Maeki M, Kudo N, Development of Transcranial Gene Manipulation Technologies. The 8th Hokkaido University Cross-Departmental Symposium. Sapporo, Japan. Oct 28th, 2022. (Abstract No. K-14) Poster
1. Yoshida K, Chan M, Li Q, Pedraza L, Sierra R, Minami M, Berényi A, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, A neural basis of decision-making under conflicting predictions of reward and punishment. The 8th Hokkaido University Cross-Departmental Symposium. Sapporo, Japan. Oct 28th, 2022. (Abstract No. P-49) Poster
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Closed-loop control of neurological and psychiatric disorders, BPCNPNPPP4. Tokyo, Japan. Nov 4th, 2022. (Abstract No. S13-3) Symposium
1. 板垣航太、南雅文、<ins>竹内雄一</ins>、海馬様神経回路における求心性GABAおよびコリン作動性神経投射の双方向性デルタ帯活動修飾、日本生理学会 第100回記念大会、京都、3月14日、2023．(Abstract No. 1P-023) Poster
1. 三村聡優、チャン ミシェル、南雅文、<ins>竹内雄一</ins>、経頭蓋ソノポレーションによる大脳神経細胞を標的とした新規遺伝子導入法、日本薬学会第143年会、札幌、3月26日、2023．(Abstract No. 26P1-pm2-089S) Poster
1. 三村聡優、チャン ミシェル、南雅文、小俣大樹、鈴木亮、<ins>竹内雄一</ins>、経頭蓋ソノポレーションによる非侵襲的遺伝子導入法の開発、日本薬学会北海道支部第150回支部例会、札幌、5月21日、2023．(Abstract No. C-11) Poster
1. Yoshida K, Minami M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, A closed-loop transcranial ultrasound irradiation system for an awake rat model of absence epilepsy, The 46th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Sendai, Japan. Aug 1, 2023. (Abstract No. 1Pm-094) Poster
1. Chan M, Mimura T, Minami M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Non-invasive gene transfection to neurons in the cortex using transcranial ultrasound irradiation, The 46th Annual Meeting of the Japan Neuroscience Society. Sendai, Japan. Aug 3, 2023. (Abstract No. 3Pm-131) Poster
1. Yoshida K, Chan M, Minami M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, A neural basis of decision-making when faced with contradictory predictions of reward and punishment, CogFeel@ALIFE2023. Sapporo, Japan. Jul 25, 2023. Oral
1. Yoshida K, Xu Y, Mimura T, Chan M, Kudo N, Minami M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Non-invasive, spatiotemporal control of internal organs via sonogenetic stimulation of the autonomic nervous system, JNNS2023. Tokyo, Japan. Sep 4, 2023. (Abstract No. 15) Poster
1. Yoshida K, Minami M, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, A closed-loop sonogenetic control of absence epilepsy, The 101st Annual Meeting of The Physiological Society of Japan. Kita-Kyushu, Japan. Mar 28, 2024. (Abstract No. 1S05a-3) Symposium
1. Mimura T, Chan M, Minami M, Kudo N, <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, A non-invasive gene transfection technology using transcranial focused ultrasound irradiation, The 101st Annual Meeting of The Physiological Society of Japan. Kita-Kyushu, Japan. Mar 29, 2024. (Abstract No. 2P-150) Poster
1. <ins>Takeuchi Y</ins>, Reinstating olfactory bulb-derived limbic gamma oscillations alleviates depression-like behavioral deficits in rodents, The 101st Annual Meeting of The Physiological Society of Japan. Kita-Kyushu, Japan. Mar 30, 2024. (Abstract No. 3O09-02-01) Oral

## 研究課題・受託研究・科研費
1. 宮田麻理子（代表）、櫻井裕之、大和雅之、佐々木亮、松峯元、竹内雄一
末梢神経再生術における神経再生能の機能評価
吉岡博人記念総合医学研究奨励金、研究助成、1,000千、平成24年度
1. 宮田麻理子（代表）、竹内雄一、岩里琢治
三叉神経核における体部位マップ特異的Creマウスの作成
国立遺伝学研究所共同研究、2014-A-71、188千、平成24年度

## 報告書
1. 宮田麻理子、竹内雄一、南雲康行、鳴島円 慢性疼痛下における上位中枢での神経機構の解析 東京女子医科大学実験動物中央施設年報 16 (2011年度研究業績): 29, 2012年
1. 宮田麻理子、竹内雄一、南雲康行、鳴島円 慢性疼痛下における上位中枢での神経機構の解析（11－06） 東京女子医科大学実験動物中央施設年報 17 (2011年度研究業績): 26, 2013年
1. 宮田麻理子、竹内雄一 上位中枢における機能的神経回路の形成機構（12－38）
東京女子医科大学実験動物中央施設年報 18 (2012年度研究業績): 30, 2014年
1. 宮田麻理子、竹内雄一 慢性疼痛下における上位中枢での神経機構の解析（12－41） 東京女子医科大学実験動物中央施設年報 18 (2012年度研究業績): 31, 2014年
1. 宮田麻理子、竹内雄一 慢性疼痛下における上位中枢での神経機構の解析（12－38） 東京女子医科大学実験動物中央施設年報 19 (2013年度研究業績): 30, 2014年
1. 宮田麻理子、竹内雄一 上位中枢における機能的神経回路の形成機構（13－108） 東京女子医科大学実験動物中央施設年報 19 (2013年度研究業績): 31, 2014年

## その他の出版物
1. 岩尾總一郎、石倉秀哉、北村義浩、竹内雄一、日浦とき雄、斉藤千宙、西畑摩耶、川本歩、吉成翔、岩窪瑠南、ハンガリー医科大学事務局 座談会、週間朝日MOOK 医学部に入る2017、72-76, 20 Sep 2016.
